content/home/publications.md, before:

+++
# Recent Publications widget.
# This widget displays recent publications from `content/publication/`.
widget = "publications"
active = true
date = 2016-04-20

title = "Publications"
subtitle = ""

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 20

# Number of publications to list.
count = 10

# List format.
#   0 = Simple
#   1 = Detailed
#   2 = APA
#   3 = MLA
list_format = 3

# Filter by publication type.
# -1: Any
#  0: Uncategorized
#  1: Conference proceedings
#  2: Journal
#  3: Work in progress
#  4: Technical report
#  5: Book
#  6: Book chapter
publication_type = "-1"

# Exclude publications that are shown in the Selected Publications widget?
exclude_selected = false
+++

## Refereed Publications
- *Biomechanical Simulation and Control of Hands and Tendinous Systems*. Prashant Sachdeva, Shinjiro Sueda, **Susanne Bradley**, Mikhail Fain, and Dinesh K. Pai. ACM Transactions on Graphics (SIGGRAPH), 2015. [[pdf](publication/sachdeva15.pdf)] [[bib](publication/sachdeva15.txt)]
- (under former surname) *Design of Variable Resolution for Model Selection*. C. Devon Lin and **Susanne Morrill**. Journal of Statistical Planning and Inference, 155:127-134, 2014. [[pdf(link)](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378375814001013)] [[bib](publication/LinMorrill14.txt)]


## Theses
- *Applications of Machine Learning in Sensorimotor Control*. **Susanne Bradley**, Master's Thesis, University of British Columbia, August 2015. [[pdf](publication/bradley15.pdf)] [[bib](publication/bradley15.txt)]

Commit message:

Changed project and publications format; minor tweaks to other sections

content/home/publications.md, after:

+++
# Recent Publications widget.
# This widget displays recent publications from `content/publication/`.
widget = "publications"
active = true
date = 2016-04-20

title = "Publications"
subtitle = "Includes peer-reviewed publications, technical reports, and theses"

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 20

# Number of publications to list.
count = 10

# List format.
#   0 = Simple
#   1 = Detailed
#   2 = APA
#   3 = MLA
list_format = 2

# Filter by publication type.
# -1: Any
#  0: Uncategorized
#  1: Conference proceedings
#  2: Journal
#  3: Work in progress
#  4: Technical report
#  5: Book
#  6: Book chapter
publication_type = "-1"

# Exclude publications that are shown in the Selected Publications widget?
exclude_selected = false

# OLD (PRE-UPDATE) VERSION
## Refereed Publications
#- *Biomechanical Simulation and Control of Hands and Tendinous Systems*. Prashant Sachdeva, Shinjiro Sueda, **Susanne Bradley**, Mikhail Fain, and Dinesh K. Pai. ACM Transactions on Graphics (SIGGRAPH), 2015. [[pdf](publication/sachdeva15.pdf)] [[bib](publication/sachdeva15.txt)]
#- (under former surname) *Design of Variable Resolution for Model Selection*. C. Devon Lin and **Susanne Morrill**. Journal of Statistical Planning and Inference, 155:127-134, 2014. [[pdf(link)](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378375814001013)] [[bib](publication/LinMorrill14.txt)]


## Theses
#- *Applications of Machine Learning in Sensorimotor Control*. **Susanne Bradley**, Master's Thesis, University of British Columbia, August 2015. [[pdf](publication/bradley15.pdf)] [[bib](publication/bradley15.txt)]
+++
