content/home/teaching.md, before:

+++
# Custom widget.
# An example of using the custom widget to create your own homepage section.
# To create more sections, duplicate this file and edit the values below as desired.
widget = "custom"
active = true
date = "2016-04-20T00:00:00"

# Note: a full width section format can be enabled by commenting out the `title` and `subtitle` with a `#`.
title = "Teaching"
subtitle = ""

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 63

+++

I am currently the Senior TA for [CPSC 320](https://www.ugrad.cs.ubc.ca/~cs320/2018W1/) (Intermediate Algorithm Design and Analysis).

### Past teaching experience
- Instructor for CPSC 320: Intermediate Algorithm Design and Analysis

### Past TA experience
- TA for CPSC 542G: Topics in Numerical Computation (graduate breadth course)
- Senior TA for CPSC 320: Intermediate Algorithm Design and Analysis
- TA for CPSC 312: Functional and Logic Programming
- TA for CPSC 303: Numerical Approximation and Discretization

### Teaching philosophy
See my {{% staticref "files/teaching.pdf" %}}teaching statement{{% /staticref %}}.

Commit message:

Minor changes to teaching and misc sections

content/home/teaching.md, after:

+++
# Custom widget.
# An example of using the custom widget to create your own homepage section.
# To create more sections, duplicate this file and edit the values below as desired.
widget = "custom"
active = true
date = "2016-04-20T00:00:00"

# Note: a full width section format can be enabled by commenting out the `title` and `subtitle` with a `#`.
title = "Teaching"
subtitle = ""

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 63

+++

### Current appointments
I am a co-lead TA for CPSC 103 (Introduction to Systematic Programming Design). I'm also a facilitator for the internationally recognized [Instructional Skills Workshops](https://iswnetwork.ca/) (ISW) at UBC's Centre for Teaching, Learning, and Technology.

### Past teaching experience
- Instructor for CPSC 320: Intermediate Algorithm Design and Analysis

### Past TA experience
- TA for CPSC 542G: Topics in Numerical Computation (graduate breadth course)
- Lead TA for CPSC 320: Intermediate Algorithm Design and Analysis
- TA for CPSC 312: Functional and Logic Programming
- TA for CPSC 303: Numerical Approximation and Discretization

### Teaching philosophy
See my {{% staticref "files/teaching.pdf" %}}teaching statement{{% /staticref %}}.
