+++
title = "Design of Variable Resolution for Model Selection"
date = 2014-12-01
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["C. Devon Lin", "Susanne Morrill"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Journal of Statistical Planning and Inference"
publication_short = "Journal of Statistical Planning and Inference"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Designs of variable resolution were introduced for practical situations where interactions arise only within certain factors. Optimal designs of variable resolution based on the minimum G2-aberration criterion and design efficiency are provided. A simulation study is carried out to demonstrate the merit of designs of variable resolution in model selection. Some comments are made on the performance of optimal designs of variable resolution in using certain model selection methods."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378375814001013"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]
url_custom = [{name = "BibTex", url="files/lm14.txt"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
